Update 2023-02-14.md (#523)
neondatabase/website: content/release-notes/2023-02-14.md

- Compute: Added support for the the PostgreSQL `pgvector`, `plls` and `plcoffee` extensions. For more information about PostgreSQL extensions supported by Neon, see [PostgreSQL extensions](https://neon.tech/docs/reference/pg-extensions/).
- Proxy: Significantly reduced network latencies for WebSocket and pooled connections by implementing caching mechanism for compute node connection information and enabling the `TCP_NODELAY` protocol option. The `TCP_NODELAY` option causes segments to be sent as soon as possible, even if there is only a small amount of data. For more information, refer to the [TCP protocol man page](https://linux.die.net/man/7/tcp).

> - Pageserver: Added an experimental feature that enforces a configurable data layer eviction policy. This feature periodically checks when a data layer was last accessed and evicts it if the timestamp of the last access is older than a time threshold defined by the eviction policy. The data required to reconstruct page versions is stored as data layers on Neon Pageservers. Evicting unused data layers helps manage data storage size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pageserver: Added an opt-in feature for automatically evicting layer files from Pageservers to optimize local storage space usage. If enabled for a given project, Pageserver periodically checks the access timestamps of the project's layer files. Suppose the most recent access to a layer file is further in the past than a configurable threshold. In that case, Pageserver removes its local copy of the layer file. The authoritative copy remains in S3. It is downloaded on-demand if the layer is needed again, e.g., to reconstruct a page version for a client request.
```
